To connect to grpc on this VM, go to the client folder:

	cd /home/vagrant/client/

Help is available:

	./client -help

Execute the telemetry command (one path is already configured
for you):

	./client -device routers/Vagrant.json -oper telemetry -telsubid 30seconds

Other operations are also available, such as 'get-oper' and 'get-config'.
Any model-based command uses the '-json' argument, while CLI
based configuration uses the '-cli' argument. This is to allow
commit-replace to accept both CLI and YANG based configurations
for a single commit. 

Example YANG 'get-config':

	./client -device routers/Vagrant.json -oper get-config -json snips/get-interfaces-cfg.json

Example YANG 'merge-config' (same behavior as CLI):
( Note, you may use 'replace-config' to replace a specific block of the configuration,
  or you may use 'delete-config' to remove a specific block of configuration. Both
  of these commands have similar syntax to merge-config. )
	
	 ./client -device routers/Vagrant.json -oper merge-config -json snips/set-hostname.json

Example CLI 'show' command:

	./client -device routers/Vagrant.json -oper show-cmd-text -cli snips/get-running-config-cli.txt

Example CLI configuration:

	./client -device routers/Vagrant.json -oper cli-config -cli snips/set-hostname-cli.txt

Example full config replace with minimal diff:
( Note, full configuration replacement takes up to two files for configuration. 
  One of the files may be a 'regular' cli configuration, the other a JSON file
  containing the configuration of all of the relevant YANG configs. The YANG
  configuration files take precedent if there is a conflict, in this example 
  I am including a FULL configuration (including the hostname 'ernie') in the
  CLI configuration. In addition, I include a JSON configuration to set the
  hostname to 'bert'. In the end, the hostname will be 'bert'. Any configuration
  that is not included in either the CLI or JSON files will be assumed to be
  the default XR value. )

	 ./client -device routers/Vagrant.json -oper full-replace -cli snips/full-config.txt -json snips/set-hostname-cfg.json

Additional snips in the 'snips' folder. If you encounter an issue with
a snip, pay close attention to the -oper flag, as you may be trying to
use an 'oper' model with a 'config' model (or the reverse).
